Sample selection restructure (#66)
cosmo-epfl/scikit-cosmo: docs/source/selection.rst

single iteration based upon the relative :math:`\pi` importance.

These selection methods can be modified to be semi-supervised by using augmented
right or left singular vectors, as shown in [Cersonsky 2021].

.. currentmodule:: skcosmo.feature_selection
.. autoclass:: SimpleCUR
    :show-inheritance:
    :no-undoc-members:

    .. automethod:: fit

WARNING
-------
The following two CUR methods are undergoing re-structuring, and will soon be
replaced with classes similar in structure to `SimpleCUR`.

.. currentmodule:: skcosmo.feature_selection
.. autoclass:: FeatureCUR
    :show-inheritance:
    :members:

.. currentmodule:: skcosmo.sample_selection
.. autoclass:: SampleCUR
    :show-inheritance:
    :members:

.. _FPS-api:

Farthest Point-Sampling
#######################

Farthest Point Sampling is a common selection technique intended to exploit the
diversity of the input space.

In FPS, the selection of the first point is made at random or by a separate metric.
Each subsequent selection is made to maximize the distance to the previous selections.
It is common to use the Euclidean distance, however other distance metrics may be employed.

> These selection methods can be modified to be semi-supervised by using the

Reviewer: I don't know that would call PCovR-based methods "semi-supervised", which traditionally refers to models that incorporate both labeled and unlabeled data, so it might cause some confusion. Maybe something like the below?
```suggestion
These selection methods can be modified to combine supervised and unsupervised learning by using the
```

Author: Agreed
